apps/sandbox-container/README.md, before:

# Container MCP Server

This is a simple MCP-based interface for a sandboxed development environment.

## Local dev

Currently a work in progress. Cloudchamber local dev isn't implemented yet, so we are doing a bit of a hack to just run the server in your local environment.

TODO: replace locally running server with the real docker container.

## Deploying

1. Make sure the docker daemon is running

2. Disable WARP and run

```
npx https://prerelease-registry.devprod.cloudflare.dev/workers-sdk/runs/14387504770/npm-package-wrangler-8740 deploy
```

3. Add to your Claude config. If using with Claude, you'll need to disable WARP:

```
{
    "mcpServers": {
        "container": {
            "command": "npx",
            "args": [
                "mcp-remote",
                // this is my deployed instance
                "https://container-starter-2.cmsparks.workers.dev/sse"
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

## Tools

- `container_initialize`: (Re)start a container. Containers are intended to be ephemeral and don't save any state. Containers are only guaranteed to last 10m (this is just because I have a max of like ~5 containers per account).
- `container_ping`: Ping a container for connectivity
- `container_exec`: Run a command in the shell
- `container_files_write`: Write to a file
- `container_files_list`: List all files in the work directory
- `container_file_read`: Read the contents of a single file or directory

## Resources

TODO

Tried implementing these, but MCP clients don't support resources well at all.

## Prompts

TODO

## Container support

The container currently runs python and node. It's connected to the internet and LLMs can install whatever packages.

Commit message:

Add delete file tool call (#47)
* Add file delete tool

* Update instructions for local dev setup

* Add tests

* Prettier

apps/sandbox-container/README.md, after:

# Container MCP Server

This is a simple MCP-based interface for a sandboxed development environment.

## Local dev

Cloudchamber local dev isn't implemented yet, so we are doing a bit of a hack to just run the server in your local environment. Because of this, testing the container(s) and container manager locally is not possible at this time.

Do the following from within the sandbox-container app:

1. Copy the `.dev.vars.example` file to a new `.dev.vars` file.
2. Get the Cloudflare client id and secret from a team member and add them to the `.dev.vars` file.
3. Run `pnpm i` then `pnpm dev` to start the MCP server.
4. Run `pnpx @modelcontextprotocol/inspector` to start the MCP inspector client.
5. Open the inspector client in your browser and connect to the server via `http://localhost:8976/workers/sandbox/sse`.

Note: Temporary files created through files tool calls are stored in the workdir folder of this app.

## Deploying

1. Make sure the docker daemon is running

2. Disable WARP and run

```
npx https://prerelease-registry.devprod.cloudflare.dev/workers-sdk/runs/14387504770/npm-package-wrangler-8740 deploy
```

3. Add to your Claude config. If using with Claude, you'll need to disable WARP:

```
{
    "mcpServers": {
        "container": {
            "command": "npx",
            "args": [
                "mcp-remote",
                // this is my deployed instance
                "https://container-starter-2.cmsparks.workers.dev/sse"
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

## Tools

- `container_initialize`: (Re)start a container. Containers are intended to be ephemeral and don't save any state. Containers are only guaranteed to last 10m (this is just because I have a max of like ~5 containers per account).
- `container_ping`: Ping a container for connectivity
- `container_exec`: Run a command in the shell
- `container_files_write`: Write to a file
- `container_files_list`: List all files in the work directory
- `container_file_read`: Read the contents of a single file or directory

## Resources

TODO

Tried implementing these, but MCP clients don't support resources well at all.

## Prompts

TODO

## Container support

The container currently runs python and node. It's connected to the internet and LLMs can install whatever packages.
